README.md, before:

![Banner](https://ctmrepository.com/map_img/6926650110728662.PNG)

# Ragecraft IV: Underworld resourcepack
#### English / [台灣正體](https://github.com/champsing/Ragecraft-IV-resourcepack/blob/master/readme/README_tw.md) / [简体中文](https://github.com/champsing/Ragecraft-IV-resourcepack/blob/master/readme/README_cn.md)

## Description
This repository is created for the resourcepack of Minecraft CTM Monument "Ragecraft IV: Underworld".
The current supported version is **1.1.0**.

## How to translate the Map
In this version of the Map, the original version and translated versions are separated. You need to download a modified version of the Map containing translation json keys to get the translation: [CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD]()

**IMPORTANT！！！Your game progress in the original version CAN'T BE MIGRATED to the translation version！！！ because we use a modified version of the Map. PLEASE OPEN THE WORLD IN A DIFFERENT SAVE OR FOLDER！！！**

If you need to update the translation file, all you need to do is replace `\%AppData%\Roaming\.minecraft\saves\[1.20.1] Ragecraft IV - by heliceo & Suso - v<version>\resources.zip` with a newer `resource.zip`.

The translation json keys will be included in the world save later as the Map creator updates the map. At that time, you can do the same step above to update the translation file without losing your game progress.

Commit message:

Installation all-you-need-to-know

README.md, after:

![Banner](https://ctmrepository.com/map_img/6926650110728662.PNG)

# Ragecraft IV: Underworld resourcepack
#### English / [台灣正體](https://github.com/champsing/Ragecraft-IV-resourcepack/blob/master/readme/README_tw.md) / [简体中文](https://github.com/champsing/Ragecraft-IV-resourcepack/blob/master/readme/README_cn.md)

## Description
This repository is created for the resourcepack of Minecraft CTM Monument "Ragecraft IV: Underworld".
The current supported version is **1.1.0**.

## How to translate the Map
In this version of the Map, the original version and translated versions are separated. You need to download a modified version of the Map containing translation json keys to get the translation: [CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD]()

### WARNINGS

**IMPORTANT！！！Your game progress in the original version CAN'T BE MIGRATED to the translation version！！！ because we use a modified version of the Map. PLEASE OPEN THE WORLD IN A DIFFERENT SAVE OR FOLDER！！！**

Language Settings: Please set your language to Chinese Simplified / Chinese Traditional to enable the translation! And don't turn on the "Force Unicode Font" function or most of the marks in the Map will be broken!!

### Compatibility

1. You may launch the game with Sodium via Fabric Loader. This is the only one verified mod by the author that can be used in this Map. *(But not Fabric API!!)*
2. You may try to implement other optimization mods deployed through Fabric. But please don't install such a invasive-monster mod like Carpet. If there are any problems, we don't take any responsibilities!
3. DO NOT INSTALL Optifine! DO NOT INSTALL Optifine! DO NOT INSTALL Optifine! It is evident that playing this map with Optifine will cause fatal errors. **PLEASE, DO NOT INSTALL Optifine!**
4. If you want to run this Map on a server, please ensure that you use the Vanilla jar provided by Mojang!
    
### [IMPORTANT!] Installation Guide
- If you play in Singleplayer, please unzip the zipped file in an individual folder named "1.20.1_Ragecraft_IV_by.heliceo.Suso.-.v1.1.0_zh_CN_TW_1" (The file name has been changed in order to prevent unintended replace of the world you already have.), copy it to `.minecraft\saves` directory, then launch the game and enter the world. You can now enjoy your Map.
- ）If you want to play Multiplayer with your friends on a server, please take out the `resources.zip` in the world save and distribute to every player playing with you. Don't leave it in the world save folder. Then ask everyone to enter the game and enable the resourcepack. (That is to say ask everyone to install the resourcepack on their own computers.)
- Please **DON'T** let the players download the server resourcepack since it will cause some translation keys not to load the translation value.

If you need to update the translation file, all you need to do is replace `\%AppData%\Roaming\.minecraft\saves\[1.20.1] Ragecraft IV - by heliceo & Suso - v<version>\resources.zip` with a newer `resource.zip`.

The translation json keys will be included in the world save later as the Map creator updates the map. At that time, you can do the same step above to update the translation file without losing your game progress.
